WGLC: Paul's Feedback (#106)
ietf-wg-uuidrev/rfc4122bis: draft-ietf-uuidrev-rfc4122bis.md

~~~~
{: #sampleURNUUID title='Example URN UUID'}

> There are many other ways to define a UUID format, some select methods are detailed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many other ways to define a UUID format; some examples are detailed below.
```
